Animals fascinate us.
We marvel at their speed, their agility, and their strength.
Their beauty and behavior are a pleasure to watch.
Like us, they play.
Some even dance.
They are industrious.
A beaver dam can extend hundreds of meters.
Some can even be seen from space.
When we observe animals, we learn more about the creator.
Their instinctive wisdom reveals his wisdom.
He is caring and generous.
And he is a happy God.
Animals fascinate us because we are made in God's image.
We enjoy what he enjoys.
Especially our Earth and its amazing animals.
They are his gift to us.
Let us make man in our image, according to our likeness.
And let them have in subjection the fish of the sea
and the flying creatures of the heavens and the domestic animals and all the Earth.